Update the header of every file - new comments (#108188)
AdguardTeam/AdguardFilters: AnnoyancesFilter/sections/mobile-app.txt

!
! This section contains the list of the rules are against banners of mobile apps for the sites.

> ! Note, that we have additional sections that have different purposes. For instance, we can add exceptions or limit the rules for some platforms.

Author: We block elements that contain an offer (suggestion) to install a mobile application.

> we can add exceptions or limit the rules for some platforms.

The point is that we have different sections in the file and users have to look there before adding any rules.

> ! Note, that we have additional sections that have different purposes. For instance, we can add exceptions or limit the rules for some platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
! Note, that the file consists of multiple sections for different purposes. For instance, there is a section for exceptions and some platform-specific sections.
```
